g bell goes off in my head. Dont be so stupid. Peeta is planning how to kill you, I remind myself. He is luring you in to make you easy prey. The more likable he is, the more deadly he is. But because two can play at this game, I stand on tiptoe and kiss his cheek. Right on his bruise.

6.

The Training Center has a tower designed exclusively for the tributes and their teams. This will be our home until the actual Games begin. Each district has an entire floor. You simply step onto an elevator and press the number of your district. Easy enough to remember. Ive ridden the elevator a couple of times in the Justice Building back in District 12. Once to receive the medal for my fathers death and then yesterday to say my final goodbyes to my friends and

family. But thats a dark and creaky thing that moves like a snail and smells of sour milk. The walls of this elevator are made of crystal so that you can watch the people on the ground floor shrink to ants as you shoot up into the air. Its exhilarating and Im tempted to ask Effie Trinket if we can ride it again, but somehow that seems childish. Apparently, Effie Trinkets duties did not conclude at the station. She and Haymitch will be overseeing us right into the arena. In a way, thats a plus because at least she can be counted on to corral us around to places on time whereas we havent seen Haymitch since he agreed to help us on the train. Probably passed out somewhere. Effie Trinket, on the other hand, seems to be flying high. Were the first team shes ever chaperoned that made a splash at the opening ceremonies. Shes complimentary about not just our costumes but how we conducted ourselves. And, to hear her tell it, Effie knows everyone whos anyone in the Capitol and has been talking us up all day, trying to win us sponsors. Ive been very mysterious, though, she says, her eyes squint half shut. Because, of course, Haymitch hasnt bothered to

tell me your strategies. But Ive done my best with what I had to work with. How Katniss sacrificed herself for her sister. How youve both successfully struggled to overcome the barbarism of your district. Barbarism? Thats ironic coming from a woman helping to prepare us for slaughter. And whats she basing our success on? Our table manners? Everyone has their reservations, naturally. You being from the coal district. But I said, and this was very clever of me, I said, Well, if you put enough pressure on coal it turns to pearls! Effie beams at us so brilliantly that we have no choice but to respond enthusiastically to her cleverness even though its wrong. Coal doesnt turn to pearls. They grow in shellfish. Possibly she meant coal turns to diamonds, but thats untrue, too. Ive heard they have some sort of machine in District 1 that can turn graphite into diamonds. But we dont mine graphite in District 12. That was part of District 13s job until they were destroyed. I wonder if the people shes been plugging us to all day either know or care. Unfortunately, I cant seal the sponsor deals for you. Only Haymitch can do that, says Effie grimly. But dont worry, Ill get him to the table at gunpoint if necessary. Although lacking in many departments, Effie Trinket has a certain determination I have to admire. My quarters are larger than our entire house back home. They are plush, like the train car, but also have so many automatic gadgets that Im sure I wont have time to press all the buttons. The shower alone has a panel with more than a hundred options you can choose regulating water temperature, pressure, soaps, shampoos, scents, oils, and massaging sponges. When you step out on a mat, heaters come on that blow-dry your body. Instead of struggling with the knots in my wet hair, I merely place my hand on a box that sends

a current through my scalp, untangling, parting, and drying my hair almost instantly. It floats down around my shoulders in a glossy curtain. I program the closet for an outfit to my taste. The windows zoom in and out on parts of the city at my command. You need only whisper a type of food from a gigantic menu into a mouthpiece and it appears, hot and steamy, before you in less than a minute. I walk around the room eating goose liver and puffy bread until theres a knock on the door. Effies calling me to dinner. Good. Im starving. Peeta, Cinna, and Portia are standing out on a balcony that overlooks the Capitol when we enter the dining room. Im glad

to see the stylists, particularly after I hear that Haymitch will be joining us. A meal presided over by just Effie and Haymitch is bound to be a disaster. Besides, dinner isnt really about food, its about planning out our strategies, and Cinna and Portia have already proven how valuable they are. A silent young man dressed in a white tunic offers us all stemmed glasses of wine. I think about turning it down, but Ive never had wine, except the homemade stuff my mother uses for coughs, and when will I get a chance to try it again? I take a sip of the tart, dry liquid and secretly think it could be improved by a few spoonfuls of honey. Haymitch shows up just as dinner is being served. It looks as if hes had his own stylist because hes clean and groomed and about as sober as Ive ever seen him. He doesnt refuse the offer of wine, but when he starts in on his soup, I realize its the first time Ive ever seen him eat. Maybe he really will pull himself together long enough to help us. Cinna and Portia seem to have a civilizing effect on Haymitch and Effie. At least theyre addressing each other decently. And they both have nothing but praise for our stylists opening act. While they make small talk, I concentrate on the meal. Mushroom soup, bitter greens with tomatoes the size of peas, rare roast beef sliced as thin as paper, noodles in a green sauce, cheese that melts on your tongue served with sweet blue grapes. The servers, all young people dressed in white tunics like the one who gave us wine, move wordlessly to and from the table, keeping the platters and glasses full. About halfway through my glass of wine, my head starts feeling foggy, so I change to water instead. I dont like the feeling and hope it wears off soon. How Haymitch can stand walking around like this full-time is a mystery. I try to focus on the talk, which has turned to our interview costumes, when a girl sets a gorgeous-looking cake on the table and deftly lights it. It blazes up and then the flames flicker around the edges awhile until it finally goes out. I have a moment of doubt. What makes it burn? Is it alcohol? I say, looking up at the girl. Thats the last thing I wa oh! I know you! I cant place a name or time to the girls face. But Im certain of it. The dark red hair, the striking features, the porcelain white skin. But even as I utter the words, I feel my insides contracting with anxiety and guilt at the sight of her, and while I cant pull it up, I know some bad memory is associated with her. The expression of terror that crosses her face only adds to my confusion and unease. She shakes her head in denial quickly and hurries away from the table. When I look back, the four adults are watching me like hawks. Dont be ridiculous, Katniss. How could you possibly know an Avox? snaps Effie. The very thought. Whats an Avox? I ask stupidly. Someone who committed a crime. They cut her tongue so she cant speak, says Haymitch. Shes probably a traitor of some sort. Not likely youd know her. And even if you did, youre not to speak to one of them unless its to give an order, says Effie. Of course, you dont really know her. But I do know her. And now that Haymitch has mentioned the word traitor I remember from where. The

disapproval is so high I could never admit it. No, I guess not, I just I stammer, and the wine is not helping. Peeta snaps his fingers. Delly Cartwright. Thats who it is. I kept thinking she looked familiar as well. Then I realized shes a dead ringer for Delly. Delly Cartwright is a pasty-faced, lumpy girl with yellowish hair who looks about as much like our server as a beetle does a butterfly. She may also be the friendliest person on the planet she smiles constantly at everybody in school, even me. I have never seen the girl with the red hair smile. But I jump on Peetas suggestion gratefully. Of course, thats who I was thinking of. It must be the hair, I say. Something about the eyes, too, says Peeta. The energy at the table relaxes. Oh, well. If thats all it is, says Cinna. And yes, the cake has spirits, but all the alcohol has burned off. I ordered it specially in honor of your fiery debut. We eat the cake and move into a sitting room to watch the replay of the opening ceremonies thats being broadcast. A few of the other couples make a nice impression, but none of them can hold a candle to us. Even our own party lets out an Ahh! as they show us coming out of the Remake Center. Whose idea was the hand holding? asks Haymitch. Cinnas, says Portia. Just the perfect touch of rebellion, says Haymitch. Very nice. Rebellion? I have to think about that one a moment. But when I remember the other couples, standing stiffly apart, never touching or acknowledging each other, as if their fellow tribute did not exist, as if the Games had already begun, I know what Haymitch means. Presenting ourselves not as adversaries but as friends has distinguished us as much as the fiery costumes. Tomorrow morning is the first training session. Meet me for breakfast and Ill tell you exactly how I want you to play it, says Haymitch to Peeta and I. Now go get some sleep while the grown-ups talk. Peeta and I walk together down the corridor to our rooms. When we get to my door, he leans against the frame, not blocking my entrance exactly but insisting I pay attention to him. So, Delly Cartwright.

Imagine finding her lookalike here. Hes asking for an explanation, and Im tempted to give him one. We both know he covered for me. So here I am in his debt again. If I tell him the truth about the girl, somehow that might even things up. 