ercome with stage fright. Remember, they already love you, he says gently. Just be yourself. We meet up with the rest of the District 12 crowd at the elevator. Portia and her gang have been hard at work. Peeta looks striking in a black suit with flame accents. While we look well together, its a relief not to be dressed identically. Haymitch and Effie are all fancied up for the occasion. I avoid Haymitch, but accept Effies compliments. Effie can be tiresome and clueless, but shes not destructive like Haymitch. When the elevator opens, the other tributes are being lined up to take the stage. All twenty-four of us sit in a big arc throughout the interviews. Ill be last, or second to last since the girl tribute precedes the boy from each district. How I wish I could be first and get the whole thing out of the way! Now Ill have to listen to how witty, funny, humble, fierce, and charming everybody

else is before I go up. Plus, the audience will start to get bored, just as the Gamemakers did. And I cant exactly shoot an arrow into the crowd to get their attention. Right before we parade onto the stage, Haymitch comes up behind Peeta and me and growls, Remember, youre still a happy pair. So act like it. What? I thought we abandoned that when Peeta asked for separate coaching. But I guess that was a private, not a public thing. Anyway, theres not much chance for interaction now, as we walk single-file to our seats and take our places. Just stepping on the stage makes my breathing rapid and shallow. I can feel my pulse pounding in my temples. Its a relief to get to my chair, because between the heels and my legs shaking, Im afraid Ill trip. Although evening is falling, the City Circle is brighter than a summers day. An elevated seating unit has been set up for prestigious guests, with the stylists commanding the front row. The cameras will turn to them when the crowd is reacting to their handiwork. A large balcony off a building to the right has been reserved for the Gamemakers. Television crews have claimed most of the other balconies. But the City Circle and the avenues that feed into it are completely packed with people. Standing room only. At homes and community halls around the country, every television set is turned on. Every citizen of Panem is tuned in. There will be no blackouts tonight. Caesar Flickerman, the man who has hosted the interviews for more than forty years, bounces onto the stage. Its a little scary because his appearance has been virtually unchanged during all that time. Same face under a coating of pure white makeup. Same hairstyle that he dyes a different color for each Hunger Games. Same ceremonial suit, midnight blue dotted with a thousand tiny electric bulbs that twinkle like stars. They do surgery in the Capitol, to make people appear

younger and thinner. In District 12, looking old is something of an achievement since so many people die early. You see an elderly person you want to congratulate them on their longevity, ask the secret of survival. A plump person is envied because they arent scraping by like the majority of us. But here it is different. Wrinkles arent desirable. A round belly isnt a sign of success. This year, Caesars hair is powder blue and his eyelids and lips are coated in the same hue. He looks freakish but less frightening than he did last year when his color was crimson and he seemed to be

bleeding. Caesar tells a few jokes to warm up the audience but then gets down to business. The girl tribute from District 1, looking provocative in a see-through gold gown, steps up the center of the stage to join Caesar for her interview. You can tell her mentor didnt have any trouble coming up with an angle for her. With that flowing blonde hair, emerald green eyes, her body tall and lush . . . Shes sexy all the way. Each interview only lasts three minutes. Then a buzzer goes off and the next tribute is up. Ill say this for Caesar, he really does his best to make the tributes shine. Hes friendly, tries to set the nervous ones at ease, laughs at lame jokes, and can turn a weak response into a memorable one by the way he reacts. I sit like a lady, the way Effie showed me, as the districts slip by. 2, 3, 4. Everyone seems to be playing up some angle. The monstrous boy from District 2 is a ruthless killing machine. The fox-faced girl from District 5 sly and elusive. I spotted Cinna as soon as he took his place, but even his presence cannot relax me. 8, 9, 10. The crippled boy from 10 is very quiet. My palms are sweating like crazy, but the jeweled dress isnt absorbent and they skid right of if I try to dry them. 11. Rue, who is dressed in a gossamer gown complete with wings, flutters her way to Caesar. A hush falls over the crowd at the sight of this magical wisp of a tribute. Caesars very sweet with her, complimenting her seven in training, an excellent score for one so small. When he asks her what her greatest strength in the arena will be, she doesnt hesitate. Im very hard to catch, she says in a tremulous voice. And if they cant catch me, they cant kill me. So dont count me out. I wouldnt in a million years, says Caesar encouragingly. The boy tribute from District 11, Thresh, has the same dark skin as Rue, but the resemblance stops there. Hes one of the giants, probably six and a half feet tall and built like an ox, but I noticed he rejected the invitations from the Career Tributes to join their crowd. Instead hes been very solitary, speaking to no one, showing little interest in training. Even so, he scored a ten and its not hard to imagine he impressed the Gamemakers. He ignores Caesars attempts at banter and answers with a yes or no or just remains silent. If only I was his size, I could get away with sullen and hostile and it would be just fine! I bet half the

sponsors are at least considering him. If I had any money, Id bet on him myself. And then theyre calling Katniss Everdeen, and I feel myself, as if in a dream,

standing and making my way center stage. I shake Caesars outstretched hand, and he has the good grace not to immediately wipe his off on his suit. So, Katniss, the Capitol must be quite a change from District Twelve. Whats impressed you most since you arrived here? asks Caesar. What? What did he say? Its as if the words make no sense. My mouth has gone as dry as sawdust. I desperately find Cinna in the crowd and lock eyes with him. I imagine the words coming from his lips. Whats impressed you most since you arrived here? I rack my brain for something that made me happy here. Be honest, I think. Be honest. The lamb stew, I get out. Caesar laughs, and vaguely I realize some of the audience has joined in. The one with the dried plums? asks Caesar. I nod. Oh, I eat it by the bucketful. He turns sideways to the audience in horror, hand on his stomach. It doesnt show, does it? They shout reassurances to him and applaud. This is what I mean about Caesar. He tries to help you out. Now, Katniss, he says confidentially, When you came out in the opening ceremonies, my heart actually stopped. What did you think of that costume? Cinna raises one eyebrow at me. Be honest. You mean after I got over my fear of being burned alive? I ask. Big laugh. A real one from the audience. Yes. Start then, says Caesar. Cinna, my friend, I should tell him anyway. I thought Cinna was brilliant and it was the most gorgeous costume Id ever seen and I couldnt believe I was wearing it. I cant believe Im wearing this, either. I lift up my skirt to spread it out. I mean, look at it! As the audience oohs and ahs, I see Cinna make the tiniest circular motion with his finger. But I know what hes saying. Twirl for me. I spin in a circle once and the reaction is immediate. Oh, do that again! says Caesar, and so I lift up my arms and spin around and around letting the skirt fly out, letting the dress engulf me in flames. The audience breaks into cheers. When I stop, I clutch Caesars arm. Dont stop! he says. I have to, Im dizzy! Im also giggling, which I think Ive done maybe never in my lifetime. But the nerves and the spinning have gotten to me. Caesar wraps a protective arm around me. Dont worry, Ive got you. Cant have you following in your mentors footsteps. Everyones hooting as the cameras find Haymitch, who is by now famous for his head dive at the reaping, and he waves them away good-naturedly and points back to me. Its all right, Caesar reassures the crowd. Shes safe with me. So, how about that training score. E-le-ven. Give us a hint what happened in there. I glance at the Gamemakers on the balcony and bite my lip. Um . . . All I can say, is I

think it was a first. The cameras are right on the Gamemakers, who are chuckling and nodding. Youre killing us, says Caesar as if in actual pain. Details. Details. I address the

balcony. Im not supposed to talk about it, right? The Gamemaker who fell in the punch bowl shouts out, Shes not! Thank you, I say. Sorry. My lips are sealed. Lets go back then, to the moment they called your sisters name at the reaping, says Caesar. His mood is quieter now. And you volunteered. Can you tell us about her? No. No, not all of you. But maybe Cinna. I dont think Im imagining the sadness on his face. Her names Prim. Shes just twelve. And I love her more than anything. You could hear a pin drop in the City Circle now. What did she say to you? After the reaping? Caesar asks. Be honest. Be honest. I swallow hard. She asked me to try really hard to win. The audience is frozen, hanging on my every word. And what did you say? prompts Caesar gently. But instead of warmth, I feel an icy rigidity take over my body. My muscles tense as they do before a kill. When I speak, my voice seems to have dropped an octave. I swore I would. I bet you did, says Caesar, giving me a squeeze. The buzzer goes off. Sorry were out of time. Best of luck, Katniss Everdeen, tribute from District Twelve. The applause continues long after Im seated. I look to Cinna for reassurance. He gives me a subtle 