en to engage in any combative exercise with another tribute. There are assistants on hand if we want to practice with a partner. When Atala begins to read down the list of the skill stations, my eyes cant help flitting around to the other tributes. Its the first time weve been assembled, on level ground, in simple clothes. My heart sinks. Almost all of the boys and at least half of the girls are bigger than I am, even though many of the tributes have never been fed properly. You can see it in their bones, their skin, the hollow look in their eyes. I may be smaller naturally, but overall my familys resourcefulness has given me an edge in that area. I stand straight, and while Im thin, Im strong. The

meat and plants from the woods combined with the exertion it took

to get them have given me a healthier body than most of those I see around me. The exceptions are the kids from the wealthier districts, the volunteers, the ones who have been fed and trained throughout their lives for this moment. The tributes from 1, 2, and 4 traditionally have this look about them. Its technically against the rules to train tributes before they reach the Capitol but it happens every year. In District 12, we call them the Career Tributes, or just the Careers. And like as not, the winner will be one of them. The slight advantage I held coming into the Training Center, my fiery entrance last night, seems to vanish in the presence of my competition. The other tributes were jealous of us, but not because we were amazing, because our stylists were. Now I see nothing but contempt in the glances of the Career Tributes. Each must have fifty to a hundred pounds on me. They project arrogance and brutality. When Atala releases us, they head straight for the deadliest-looking weapons in the gym and handle them with ease. Im thinking that its lucky Im a fast runner when Peeta nudges my arm and I jump. He is still beside me, per Haymitchs instructions.His expression is sober. Where would you like to start? I look around at the Career Tributes who are showing off, clearly trying to intimidate the field. Then at the others, the underfed, the incompetent, shakily having their first lessons with a knife or an ax. Suppose we tie some knots, I say. Right you are, says Peeta. We cross to an empty station where the trainer seems pleased to have students. You get the feeling that the knot-tying class is not the Hunger games hot spot. When he realizes I know something about snares, he shows us a simple, excellent trap that will leave a human competitor dangling by a leg from a tree. We concentrate on this one skill for an hour until both of us have mastered it. Then we move on to camouflage. Peeta genuinely seems to enjoy this station, swirling a combination of mud and clay and berry juices around on his pale skin, weaving disguises from vines and leaves. The trainer who runs the camouflage station is full of enthusiasm at his work. I do the cakes, he admits to me. The cakes? I ask. Ive been preoccupied with watching the boy from District 2 send a spear through a dummys heart from fifteen yards. What cakes? At home. The iced ones, for the bakery, he says. He means the ones they display in the windows. Fancy cakes with flowers and pretty things painted in frosting. Theyre for birthdays

and New Years Day. When were in the square, Prim always drags me over to admire them, although wed never be able to afford one. Theres little enough beauty in District 12, though, so I can hardly deny her this. I look more critically at the design on Peetas arm. The alternating pattern of light and dark suggests sunlight falling through the leaves in the woods. I wonder how he knows this, since I doubt hes ever been beyond the fence. Has he been able to pick this up from just that scraggly old apple tree in his backyard? Somehow the whole thing his skill, those inaccessible cakes, the praise of the camouflage expert annoys me. Its lovely. If only you could frost someone to death, I say. Dont be so superior. You can never tell what youll find in the arena. Say its actually a gigantic cake begins Peeta. Say we move on, I break in. So the next three days pass with Peeta and I going quietly from station to station. We do pick up some valuable skills, from starting fires, to knife throwing, to making shelter. Despite Haymitchs order to appear mediocre, Peeta excels in hand-to-hand combat, and I sweep the edible plants test without blinking an eye. We steer clear of archery and weightlifting though, wanting to save those for our private sessions. The Gamemakers appeared early on the first day. Twenty or so men and women dressed in deep purple robes. They sit in the elevated stands that surround the gymnasium, sometimes wandering about to watch us, jotting down notes, other times eating at the endless banquet that has been set for them, ignoring the lot of us. But they do seem to be keeping their eye on the District 12 tributes. Several times Ive looked up to find one fixated on me. They consult with the trainers during our meals as well. We see them all gathered together when we come back. Breakfast and dinner are served on our floor, but at lunch the twenty-four of us eat in a dining room off the gymnasium. Food is arranged on carts around the room and you serve yourself. The Career Tributes tend to gather rowdily around one table, as if to prove their superiority, that they have no fear of one another and consider the rest of us beneath notice. Most of the other tributes sit alone, like lost sheep. No one says a word to us. Peeta and I eat together, and since Haymitch keeps dogging us about it, try to keep up a friendly conversation during the meals. Its not easy to find a topic. Talking of home is painful. Talking of the present unbearable. One day, Peeta empties our breadbasket and points out how they have been careful to

include types from the districts along with the refined bread of the Capitol. The fish-shaped loaf tinted green with seaweed from District 4. The crescent moon roll dotted with seeds from District 11. Somehow, although its made from the same stuff, it looks a lot more appetizing than the ugly drop biscuits that are the standard fare at home. And there you have it, says Peeta, scooping the breads back in the basket. You certainly know a lot, I say. Only about bread, he says. Okay, now laugh as if Ive said something funny. We both give a somewhat convincing laugh and ignore the stares from around the room. All right, Ill keep smiling pleasantly and you talk, says Peeta. Its wearing us both out, Haymitchs direction to be friendly. Because ever since I slammed my door, theres been a chill in the air between us. But we have our orders. Did I ever tell you about the time I was chased by a bear? I

ask. No, but it sounds fascinating, says Peeta. I try and animate my face as I recall the event, a true story, in which Id foolishly challenged a black bear over the rights to a beehive. Peeta laughs and asks questions right on cue. Hes much better at this than I am. On the second day, while were taking a shot at spear throwing, he whispers to me. I think we have a shadow. I throw my spear, which Im not too bad at actually, if I dont have to throw too far, and see the little girl from District 11 standing back a bit, watching us. Shes the twelve-year-old, the one who reminded me so of Prim in stature. Up close she looks about ten. She has bright, dark, eyes and satiny brown skin and stands tilted up on her toes with her arms slightly extended to her sides, as if ready to take wing at the slightest sound. Its impossible not to think of a bird. I pick up another spear while Peeta throws. I think her names Rue, he says softly. I bite my lip. Rue is a small yellow flower that grows in the Meadow. Rue. Primrose. Neither of them could tip the scale at seventy pounds soaking wet. What can we do about it? I ask him, more harshly than I intended. Nothing to do, he says back. Just making conversation. Now that I know shes there, its hard to ignore the child. She slips up and joins us at different stations. Like me, shes clever with plants, climbs swiftly, and has good aim. She can hit the target every time with a slingshot. But what is a slingshot against a 220-pound male with a sword? Back on the District 12 floor, Haymitch and Effie grill us throughout breakfast and dinner about every moment of the day. What we did, who watched us, how the other tributes size up.

Cinna and Portia arent around, so theres no one to add any sanity to the meals. Not that Haymitch and Effie are fighting anymore. Instead they seem to be of one mind, determined to whip us into shape. Full of endless directions about what we should do and not do in training. Peeta is more patient, but I become fed up and surly. When we finally escape to bed on the second night, Peeta mumbles, Someone ought to get Haymitch a drink. I make a sound that is somewhere between a snort and a laugh. Then catch myself. Its messing with my mind too much, trying to keep straight when were supposedly friends and when were not. At least when we get into the arena, Ill know where we stand. Dont. Dont lets pretend when theres no one around. All right, Katniss, he says tiredly. After that, we only talk in front of people. On the third day of training, they start to call us out of lunch for our private sessions with the Gamemakers. District by district, first the boy, then the girl tribute. As usual, District 12 is slated to go last. We linger in the dining room, unsure where else to go. No one comes back once they have left. As the room empties, the pressure to appear friendly lightens. By the time they call Rue, we are left alone. We sit in silence until they summon Peeta. He rises. Remember what Haymitch said

about being sure to throw the weights. The words come out of my mouth without permission. Thanks. I will, he says. You . . . Shoot straight. I nod. I dont know why I said anything at all. Although if Im going to lose, Id rat