 a long board off to the side has been laid with at least twenty dishes. A young man, an Avox, stands at attention by the spread. When I ask if I can serve myself, he nods assent. I load a plate with eggs, sausages, batter cakes covered in thick orange preserves, slices of pale purple melon.

As I gorge myself, I watch the sun rise over the Capitol. I have a second plate of hot grain smothered in beef stew. Finally, I fill a plate with rolls and sit at the table, breaking oil bits and dipping them into hot chocolate, the way Peeta did on the train. My mind wanders to my mother and Prim. They must be up. My mother getting their breakfast of mush. Prim milking her goat before school. Just two mornings ago, I was home. Can that be right? Yes, just two. And now how empty the house feels, even from a distance. What did they say last night about my fiery debut at the Games? Did it give them hope, or simply add to their terror when they saw the reality of twenty-four tributes circled together, knowing only one could live? Haymitch and Peeta come in, bid me good morning, fill their plates. It makes me irritated that Peeta is wearing exactly the same outfit I am. I need to say something to Cinna. This twins act is going to blow up in out faces once the Games begin. Surely, they must know this. Then I remember Haymitch telling me to do exactly what the stylists tell me to do. If it was anyone but Cinna, I might be tempted to ignore him. But after last nights triumph, I dont have a lot of room to criticize his choices. Im nervous about the training. There will be three days in which all the tributes practice together. On the last afternoon, well each get a chance to perform in private before the Gamemakers. The thought of meeting the other tributes

face-to-face makes me queasy. I turn the roll I have just taken from the basket over and over in my hands, but my appetite is gone. When Haymitch has finished several platters of stew, he pushes back his plate with a sigh. He takes a flask from his pocket and takes a long pull on it and leans his elbows on the table. So, lets get down to business. Training. First off, if you like, Ill coach you separately. Decide now. Why would you coach us separately? I ask. Say if you had a secret skill you might not want the other to know about, says Haymitch. I exchange a look with Peeta. I dont have any secret skills, he says. And I already know what yours is, right? I mean, Ive eaten enough of your squirrels. I never thought about Peeta eating the squirrels I shot. Somehow I always pictured the baker quietly going off and frying them up for himself. Not out of greed. But because town families usually eat expensive butcher meat. Beef and chicken and horse. You can coach us together, I tell Haymitch. Peeta nods. All right, so give me some idea of what you can do, says Haymitch. I cant do

anything, says Peeta. Unless you count baking bread. Sorry, I dont. Katniss. I already know youre handy with a knife, says Haymitch. Not really. But I can hunt, I say. With a bow and arrow. And youre good? asks Haymitch. I have to think about it. Ive been putting food on the table for four years. Thats no small task. Im not as good as my father was, but hed had more practice. Ive better aim than Gale, but Ive had more practice. Hes a genius with traps and snares. Im all right, I say. Shes excellent, says Peeta. My father buys her squirrels. He always comments on how the arrows never pierce the body. She hits every one in the eye. Its the same with the rabbits she sells the butcher. She can even bring down deer. This assessment of my skills from Peeta takes me totally by surprise. First, that he ever noticed. Second, that hes talking me up. What are you doing? I ask him suspiciously. What are you doing? If hes going to help you, he has to know what youre capable of. Dont underrate yourself, says Peeta. I dont know why, but this rubs me the wrong way. What about you? Ive seen you in the market. You can lift hundred-pound bags of flour, I snap at him. Tell him that. Thats not nothing. Yes, and Im sure the arena will be full of bags of flour for me to chuck at people. Its not like being able to use a weapon. You know it isnt, he shoots back. He can wrestle, I tell Haymitch. He came in second in our school competition last year, only after his brother. What use is that? How many times have you seen someone wrestle someone to death? says Peeta in disgust. Theres always hand-to-hand combat. All you need is to come up with a knife, and youll at least stand a chance. If I get jumped, Im dead! I can hear my voice rising in anger. But you wont! Youll be living up in some tree eating raw squirrels and picking off people with arrows. You know what my mother said to me when she came to say

good-bye, as if to cheer me up, she says maybe District Twelve will finally have a winner. Then I realized, she didnt mean me, she meant you! bursts out Peeta. Oh, she meant you, I say with a wave of dismissal. She said, Shes a survivor, that one. She is, says Peeta. That pulls me up short. Did his mother really say that about me? Did she rate me over her son? I see the pain in Peetas eyes and know he isnt lying. Suddenly Im behind the bakery and I can feel the chill of the rain running down my back, the hollowness in my belly. I sound eleven years old when I speak. But only because someone helped me. Peetas eyes flicker down to the roll in my hands, and I

know he remembers that day, too. But he just shrugs. People will help you in the arena. Theyll be tripping over each other to sponsor you. No more than you, I say. Peeta rolls his eyes at Haymitch. She has no idea. The effect she can have. He runs his fingernail along the wood grain in the table, refusing to look at me. What on earth does he mean? People help me? When we were dying of starvation, no one helped me! No one except Peeta. Once I had something to barter with, things changed. Im a tough trader. Or am I? What effect do I have? That Im weak and needy? Is he suggesting that I got good deals because people pitied me? I try to think if this is true. Perhaps some of the merchants were a little generous in their trades, but I always attributed that to their long-standing relationship with my father. Besides, my game is first-class. No one pitied me! I glower at the roll sure he meant to insult me. After about a minute of this, Haymitch says, Well, then. Well, well, well. Katniss, theres no guarantee theyll be bows and arrows in the arena, but during your private session with the Gamemakers, show them what you can do. Until then, stay clear of archery. Are you any good at trapping? I know a few basic snares, I mutter. That may be significant in terms of food, says Haymitch. And Peeta, shes right, never  underestimate strength in the arena. Very often, physical power tilts the advantage to a player. In the Training Center, they will have weights, but dont reveal how much you can lift in front of the other tributes. The plans the same for both of you. You go to group training. Spend the time trying to learn something you dont know. Throw a spear. Swing a mace. Learn to tie a decent knot. Save showing what youre best at until your private sessions. Are we clear? says Haymitch. Peeta and I nod. One last thing. In public, I want you by each others side every minute, says Haymitch. We both start to object, but Haymitch slams his hand on the table. Every minute! Its not open for discussion! You agreed to do as I said! You will be together, you will appear amiable to each other. Now get out. Meet Effie at the elevator at ten for training. I bite my lip and stalk back to my room, making sure Peeta can hear the door slam. I sit on the bed, hating Haymitch, hating Peeta, hating myself for mentioning

that day long ago in the rain. Its such a joke! Peeta and I going along pretending to be friends! Talking up each others strengths, insisting the other take credit for their abilities. Because, in fact, at some point, were going to have to knock it off and accept

were bitter adversaries. Which Id be prepared to do right now if it wasnt for Haymitchs stupid instruction that we stick together in training. Its my own fault, I guess, for telling him he didnt have to coach us separately. But that didnt mean I wanted to do everything with Peeta. Who, by the way, clearly doesnt want to be partnering up with me, either. I hear Peetas voice in my head. She has no idea. The effect she can have. Obviously meant to demean me. Right? but a tiny part of me wonders if this was a compliment. That he meant I was appealing in some way. Its weird, how much hes noticed me. Like the attention hes paid to my hunting. And apparently, I have not been as oblivious to him as I imagined, either. The flour. The wrestling. I have kept track of the boy with the bread. Its almost ten. I clean my teeth and smooth back my hair again. Anger temporarily blocked out my nervousness about meeting the other tributes, but now I can feel my anxiety rising again. By the time I meet Effie and Peeta at the elevator, I catch myself biting my nails. I stop at once. The actual training rooms are below ground level of our building. With these elevators, the ride is less than a minute. The doors open into an enormous gymnasium filled with various weapons and obstacle courses. Although its not yet ten, were the last ones to arrive. The other tributes are gathered in a tense circle. They each have a cloth square with their district number on it pinned to their shirts. While someone pins the number 12 on my back, I do a quick assessment. Peeta and I are the only two dressed alike. As soon as we join the circle, the head trainer, a tall, athletic woman named Atala steps up and begins to explain the training schedule. Experts in each skill will remain at their stations. We will be free to travel from area to area as we choose, per our mentors instructions. Some of the stations teach survival skills, others fighting techniques. We are forbidde