on, I found him staring at me from across the school yard. Our eyes met for only a second, then he turned his head

away. I dropped my gaze, embarrassed, and thats when I saw it. The first dandelion of the year. A bell went off in my head. I thought of the hours spent in the woods with my father and I knew how we were going to survive. To this day, I can never shake the connection between this boy, Peeta Mellark, and the bread that gave me hope, and the dandelion that reminded me that I was not doomed. And more than once, I have turned in the school hallway and caught his eyes trained on me, only to quickly flit away. I feel like I owe him something, and I hate owing people. Maybe if I

had thanked him at some point, Id be feeling less conflicted now. I thought about it a couple of times, but the opportunity never seemed to present itself. And now it never will. Because were going to be thrown into an arena to fight to the death. Exactly how am I supposed to work in a thank-you in there? Somehow it just wont seem sincere if Im trying to slit his throat. The mayor finishes the dreary Treaty of Treason and motions for Peeta and me to shake hands. His are as solid and warm as those loaves of bread. Peeta looks me right in the eye and gives my hand what I think is meant to be a reassuring squeeze. Maybe its just a nervous spasm. We turn back to

face the crowd as the anthem of Panem plays. Oh, well, I think. There will be twenty-four of us. Odds are someone else will kill him before I do. Of course, the odds have not been very dependable of late.

3.

The moment the anthem ends, we are taken into custody. I dont mean were handcuffed or anything, but a group of Peacekeepers marches us through the front door of the Justice Building. Maybe tributes have tried to escape in the past. Ive never seen that happen though. Once inside, Im conducted to a room and left alone. Its the richest place Ive ever been in, with thick, deep carpets and a velvet couch and chairs. I know velvet because my mother has a dress with a collar made of the stuff. When I sit on the couch, I cant help running my fingers over the fabric repeatedly. It helps to calm me as I try to prepare for the next hour. The time allotted for the tributes to say goodbye to their loved ones. I cannot afford to get upset, to leave this room with puffy eyes and a red nose. Crying is not an option. There will be more

cameras at the train station. My sister and my mother come first. I reach out to Primand she climbs on my lap, her arms around my neck, headon my shoulder, just like she did when she was a toddler. My mother sits beside me and wraps her arms around us. For a few minutes, we say nothing. Then I start telling themall the things they must remember to do, now that I will not be there to do them for them. Prim is not to take any tesserae. They can get by, iftheyre careful, on selling Prims goat milk and cheese and the small apothecary business my mother now runs for the people in the Seam. Gale will get her the herbs she doesnt grow herself, but she must be very careful to describe them because hes not as familiar with them as I am. Hell also bring them game he and I made a pact about this a year or so ago and will probably not ask for compensation, but they should thank him with some kind of trade, like milk or medicine. I dont bother suggesting Prim learn to hunt. I tried to teach her a couple of times and it was disastrous. The woods terrified her, and whenever I shot something, shed get teary and talk about how we might be able to heal it if we got it home soon enough. But she makes out well with her goat, so I concentrate on that. When I am done with instructions about fuel,


and trading, and staying in school, I turn to my mother and grip her arm, hard. Listen to me. Are you listening to me? She nods, alarmed by my intensity. She must know whats coming. You cant leave again, I say. My mothers eyes find the floor. I know. I wont. I couldnt help what Well, you have to help it this time. You cant clock out and leave Prim on her own. Theres no me now to keep you both alive. It doesnt matter what happens. Whatever you see on the screen. You have to promise me youll fight through it! My voice has risen to a shout. In it is all the anger, all the fear I felt at her abandonment. She pulls her arm from my grasp, moved to anger herself now. I was ill. I could have treated myself if Id had the medicine I have now. That part about her being ill might be true. Ive seen her bring back people suffering from immobilizing sadness since. Perhaps it is a sickness, but its one we cant afford. Then take it. And take care of her! I say. Ill be all right, Katniss, says Prim, clasping my face in her hands. But you have to take care, too. Youre so fast and brave. Maybe you can win. I cant win. Prim must know that in her heart. The competition will be far beyond my abilities. Kids from wealthier districts, where winning is a huge honor, whove been trained their whole lives