eres usually some, I say. Katniss, its just hunting. Youre the best hunter I know, says Gale. Its not just hunting. Theyre armed. They think, I say. So do you. And youve had more practice. Real

practice, he says. You know how to kill. Not people, I say. How different can it be, really? says Gale grimly. The awful thing is that if I can forget theyre people, it will be no different at all. The Peacekeepers are back too soon and Gale asks for more time, but theyre taking him away and I start to panic. Dont let them starve! I cry out, clinging to his hand. I wont! You know I wont! Katniss, remember I he says, and they yank us apart and slam the door and Ill never know what it was he wanted me to remember. Its a short ride from the Justice Building to the train station. Ive never been in a car before. Rarely even ridden in wagons. In the Seam, we travel on foot. Ive been right not to cry. The station is swarming with reporters with their insectlike cameras trained directly on my face. But Ive had a lot of practice at wiping my face clean of emotions and I do this now. I catch a glimpse of myself on the television screen on the wall thats airing my arrival live and feel gratified that I appear almost bored. Peeta Mellark, on the other hand, has obviously been crying and interestingly enough does not seem to be trying to cover it up. I immediately wonder if this will be his strategy in the Games. To appear weak and frightened, to reassure the other tributes that he is no competition at all, and then come out fighting. This worked very

well for a girl, Johanna Mason, from District 7 a few years back. She seemed like such a sniveling, cowardly fool that no one bothered about her until there were only a handful of contestants left. It turned out she could kill viciously. Pretty clever, the way she played it. But this seems an odd strategy for Peeta Mellark because hes a bakers son. All those years of having enough to eat and hauling bread trays around have made him broad-shouldered and strong. It will take an awful lot of weeping to convince anyone to overlook him. We have to stand for a few minutes in the doorway of the train while the cameras gobble up our images, then were allowed inside and the doors close mercifully behind us. The train begins to move at once. The speed initially takes my breath away. Of course, Ive never been on a train, as travel between the districts is forbidden except for officially sanctioned duties. For us, thats mainly transporting coal. But this is no ordinary coal train. Its one of the high-speed Capitol models that average 250 miles per hour. Our journey to the Capitol will take less than a day. In school, they tell us the Capitol

was built in a place once called the Rockies. District 12 was in a region known is

Appalachia. Even hundreds of years ago, they mined coal here. Which is why our miners have to dig so deep. Somehow it all comes back to coal at school. Besides basic reading and math most of our instruction is coal-related. Except for the weekly lecture on the history of Panem. Its mostly a lot of blather about what we owe the Capitol. I know there must be more than theyre telling us, an actual account of what happened during the rebellion. But I dont spend much time thinking about it. Whatever the truth is, I dont see how it will help me get food on the table. The tribute train is fancier than even the room in the Justice Building. We are each given our own chambers that have a bedroom, a dressing area, and a private bathroom with hot and cold running water. We dont have hot water at home, unless we boil it. There are drawers filled with fine clothes, and Effie Trinket tells me to do anything I want, wear anything I want, everything is at my disposal. Just be ready for supper in an hour. I peel off my mothers blue dress and take a hot shower. Ive never had a shower before. Its like being in a summer rain, only warmer. I dress in a dark green shirt and pants. At the last minute, I remember Madges little gold pin. For the first time, I get a good look at it. Its as if someone fashioned a small golden bird and then attached a ring

around it. The bird is connected to the ring only by its wing tips. I suddenly recognize it. A mocking jay. Theyre funny birds and something of a slap in the face to the Capitol. During the rebellion, the Capitol bred a series of genetically altered animals as weapons. The common term for them was muttations, or sometimes mutts for short. One was a special bird called a jabber jay that had the ability to memorize and repeat whole human conversations. They were homing birds, exclusively male, that were released into regions where the Capitols enemies were known to be hiding. After the birds gathered words, theyd fly back to centers to be recorded. It took people awhile to realize what was going on in the districts, how private conversations were being transmitted. Then, of course, the rebels fed the Capitol endless lies, and the joke was on it. So 