bout presentation. A lot about televised behavior. Peeta unexpectedly laughs. He was drunk, says Peeta. Hes drunk every year. Every day, I add. I cant help smirking a little. Effie Trinket makes it sound like Haymitch just has somewhat rough manners that could be corrected with a few tips from her. Yes, hisses Effie Trinket. How odd you two find it amusing. You know your mentor is your lifeline to the world in these Games. The one who advises you, lines up your sponsors, and dictates the presentation of any gifts. Haymitch can well be the difference between your life and your death! Just then,

Haymitch staggers into the compartment. I miss supper? he says in a slurred voice. Then he vomits all over the expensive carpet and falls in the mess. So laugh away! says Effie Trinket. She hops in her pointy shoes around the pool of vomit and flees the room.

4.

For a few moments, Peeta and I take in the scene of our mentor trying to rise out of the slippery vile stuff from his stomach. The reek of vomit and raw spirits almost brings my dinner up. We exchange a glance. Obviously Haymitch isnt much, but Effie Trinket is right about one thing, once were in the arena hes all weve got. As if by some unspoken agreement, Peeta and I each take one of Haymitchs arms and help him to his feet. I tripped? Haymitch asks. Smells bad. He wipes his hand on his nose, smearing his face with vomit. Lets get you back to your room, says Peeta. Clean you up a bit. We half-lead half-carry Haymitch back to his compartment. Since we cant exactly set him down on the embroidered bedspread, we haul him into the bathtub

and turn the shower on him. He hardly notices. Its okay, Peeta says to me. Ill take it from here. I cant

help feeling a little grateful since the last thing I want to do is strip down Haymitch, wash the vomit out of his chest hair, and tuck him into bed. Possibly Peeta is trying to make a good impression on him, to be his favorite once the Games begin. But judging by the state hes in, Haymitch will have no memory of this tomorrow. All right, I say. I can send one of the Capitol people to help you. Theres any number on the train. Cooking for us. Waiting on us. Guarding us. Taking care of us is their job. No. I dont want them, says Peeta. I nod and head to my own room. I understand how Peeta feels. I cant stand the sight of the Capitol people myself. But making them deal with Haymitch might be a small form of revenge. So Im pondering the reason why he insists on taking care of Haymitch and all of a sudden I think, Its because hes being kind. Just as he was kind to give me the bread. The idea pulls me up short. A kind Peeta Mellark is far more dangerous to me than an unkind one. Kind people have a way of working their way inside me and rooting there. And I cant let Peeta do this.

Not where were going. So I decide, from this moment on, to have as little as possible to do with the bakers son. When I get back to my room, the train is pausing at a platform to refuel. I quickly open the window, toss the cookies Peetas father gave me out of the train, and slam the glass shut. No more. No more of either of them. Unfortunately, the packet of cookies hits the ground and bursts open in a patch of dandelions by the track. I only see the image for a moment, because the train is off again, but its enough. Enough to remind me of that other dandelion in the school yard years ago . . . I had just turned away from Peeta Mellarks bruised face when I saw the dandelion and I knew hope wasnt lost. I plucked it carefully and hurried home. I grabbed a bucket and Prims hand and headed to the Meadow and yes, it was dotted with the golden-headed weeds. After wed harvested those, we scrounged along inside the fence for probably a mile until wed filled the bucket with the dandelion greens, stems, and flowers. That night, we gorged ourselves on dandelion salad and the rest of the bakery bread. What else? Prim asked me. What other food can we find? All kinds of things, I promised her. I just have to remember them. My mother had a book shed brought with her from the apothecary shop. The pages were

made of old parchment and covered in ink drawings of plants. Neat handwritten blocks told their names, where to gather them, when they came in bloom, their medical uses. But my father added other entries to the book. Plants for eating, not healing. Dandelions, pokeweed, wild onions, pines. Prim and I spent the rest of the night poring over those pages. The next day, we were off school. For a while I hung around the edges of the Meadow, but finally I worked up the courage to go under the fence. It was the first time Id been there alone, without my fathers weapons to protect me. But I

retrieved the small bow and arrows hed made me from a hollow tree. I probably didnt go more than twenty yards into the woods that day. Most of the time, I perched up in the branches of an old oak, hoping for game to come by. After several hours, I had the good luck to kill a rabbit. I