fie says with a sigh. Just remember, Katniss, you want the audience to like you. And you dont think they will? I ask. Not if you glare at them the entire time. Why dont you save that for the arena? Instead, think of yourself among friends, says Effie. Theyre betting on how long Ill live! I burst out. Theyre not my friends! Well, try and pretend! snaps Effie. Then she composes herself and beams at me. See, like this. Im smiling at you even though youre aggravating me. Yes, it feels very convincing, I say. Im going to eat. 1 kick off my heels and stomp down to the dining room, hiking my skirt up to my thighs. Peeta and Haymitch seem in pretty good moods, so Im thinking the content session should be an improvement over the morning. I couldnt be more wrong. After lunch,

Haymitch takes me into the

sitting room, directs me to the couch, and then just frowns at me for a while. What? I finally ask. Im trying to figure out what to do with you, he says. How were going to present you. Are you going to be charming? Aloof? Fierce? So far, youre shining like a star. You volunteered to save your sister. Cinna made you look unforgettable. Youve got the top training score. People are intrigued, but no one knows who you are. The impression you make tomorrow will decide exactly what I can get you in terms of sponsors, says Haymitch. Having watched the tribute interviews all my life, I know theres truth to what hes saying. If you appeal to the crowd, either by being humorous or brutal or eccentric, you gain favor. Whats Peetas approach? Or am I not allowed to ask? I say. Likable. He has a sort of self-deprecating humor naturally, says Haymitch. Whereas when you open your mouth, you come across more as sullen and hostile. I do not! I say. Please. I dont know where you pulled that cheery, wavy girl on the chariot from, but I havent seen her before or since, says Haymitch. And youve given me so many reasons to be cheery, I counter.But you dont have to please me. Im not going to sponsor you. So pretend Im the audience, says Haymitch. Delight me. Fine! I snarl. Haymitch takes the role of the interviewer and I try to answer his questions in a winning fashion. But I cant. Im too angry with Haymitch for what he said and that I even have to answer the questions. All I can think is how unjust the whole thing is, the Hunger Games. Why am I hopping around like some trained dog trying to please people I hate? The longer the interview goes on, the more my fury seems to rise to the surface, until Im literally spitting out answers at him. All right, enough, he says. Weve got to find another angle. Not only are you hostile, I dont know anything about you. Ive asked you fifty questions and still have no sense of your life, your family, what you care about. They want to know about you, Katniss. But I dont want them to! Theyre already taking my future! They cant have the things that mattered to me in the past! I say. Then lie! Make something up! says Haymitch. Im not good at lying, I say. Well, you better learn fast. Youve got about as much charm as a dead slug, says Haymitch. Ouch. That hurts. Even Haymitch must know hes been too harsh because his voice softens. Heres an idea. Try acting humble. Humble, I echo. That you cant believe a little girl from District

Twelve has done this well. The whole things been more than you ever could have dreamed of. Talk about Cinnas clothes. How nice the people are. How the city amazes you. If you wont talk about yourself, at least compliment the audience. Just keep turning it back around, all right. Gush. The next hours are agonizing. At once, its clear I cannot gush. We try me playing cocky, but I just dont have the arrogance. Apparently, Im too vulnerable for ferocity. Im not witty. Funny. Sexy. Or mysterious. By the end of the

session, I am no one at all. Haymitch started drinking somewhere around witty, and a nasty edge has crept into his voice. I give up, sweetheart. Just answer the questions and try not to let the audience see how openly you despise them. I have dinner that night in my room, ordering an outrageous number of delicacies, eating myself sick, and then taking out my anger at Haymitch, at the Hunger Games, at every living being in the Capitol by smashing dishes around my room. When the girl with the red hair comes in to turn down my bed, her eyes widen at the mess. Just leave it! I yell at her. Just leave it alone! I hate her, too, with her knowing reproachful eyes that call me a coward, a monster, a puppet of the Capitol, both now and then. For her, justice must finally be happening. At least my death will help pay for the life of the boy in the woods. But instead of fleeing the room, the girl closes the door behind her and goes to the bathroom. She comes back with a damp cloth and wipes my face gently then cleans the blood from a broken plate off my hands. Why is she doing this? Why am I letting her? I should have tried to save you, I whisper. She shakes her head. Does this mean we were right to stand by? That she has forgiven me? No, it was wrong, I say. She taps her lips with her fingers then points to my chest. I think she means that I would just have ended up an Avox, too. Probably would have. An Avox or dead. I spend the next hour helping the redheaded girl clean the room. When all the garbage has been dropped down a disposal and the food cleaned away, she turns down my bed. I crawl in between the sheets like a five-year-old and let her tuck me in. Then she goes. I want her to stay until I fall asleep. To be there when I wake up. I want the protection of this girl, even though she never had mine. In the morning, its not the girl but my prep team who are hanging over me. My lessons with Effie and Haymitch are over. This day belongs to Cinna. Hes my last hope. Maybe he

can make me look so wonderful, no one will care what comes out of my mouth. The team works on me until late afternoon, turning my skin to glowing satin, stenciling patterns on my arms, painting flame designs on my twenty perfect nails. Then Venia goes to work on my hair, weaving strands of red into a pattern that begins at my left ear, wraps around my head, and then falls in one braid down my right shoulder. They erase my face with a layer of pale makeup and draw my features back out. Huge dark eyes, full red lips, lashes that throw off bits of light when I blink. Finally, they cover my entire body in a powder that makes me shimmer in gold dust. Then Cinna enters with what I assume is my dress, but I cant really see it because its covered. Close your eyes, he orders. I can feel the silken inside as they slip it down over my naked body, then the weight. It must be forty pounds. I clutch Octavias hand as I blindly step into my shoes, glad to find they are at least two inches lower than

the pair Effie had me practice in. Theres some adjusting and fidgeting. Then silence. Can I open my eyes? I ask. Yes, says Cinna. Open them. The creature standing before me in the full-length mirror has come from another world. Where skin shimmers and eyes flash and apparently they make their clothes from jewels. Because my dress, oh, my dress is entirely covered in reflective precious gems, red and yellow and white with bits of blue that accent the tips of the flame design. The slightest movement gives the impression I am engulfed in tongues of fire. I am not pretty. I am not beautiful. I am as radiant as the sun. For a while, we all just stare at me. Oh, Cinna, I finally whisper. Thank you. Twirl for me, he says. I hold out my arms and spin in a circle. The prep team screams in admiration. Cinna dismisses the team and has me move around in the dress and shoes, which are infinitely more manageable than Effies. The dress hangs in such a way that I dont have to lift the skirt when I walk, leaving me with one less thing to worry about. So, all ready for the interview then? asks Cinna. I can see by his expression that hes been talking to Haymitch. That he knows how dreadful I am. Im awful. Haymitch called me a dead slug. No matter what we tried, I couldnt do it. I just cant be one of those people he wants me to be, I say. Cinna thinks about this a moment. Why dont you just be yourself? Myself? Thats no good, either. Haymitch says Im sullen and hostile, I say. Well, you are . . . Around Haymitch, says Cinna with a grin. I dont find you so. The

prep team adores you. You even won over the Gamemakers. And as for the citizens of the Capitol, well, they cant stop talking about you. No one can help but admire your spirit. My spirit. This is a new thought. Im not sure exactly what it means, but it suggests Im a fighter. In a sort of brave way. Its not as if Im never friendly. Okay, maybe I dont go around loving everybody I meet, maybe my smiles are hard to come by, but I do care for some people. Cinna takes my icy hands in his warm ones. Suppose, when you answer the questions, you think youre addressing a friend back home. Who would your best friend be? asks Cinna. Gale, I say instantly. Only it doesnt make sense, Cinna. I would never be telling Gale those things about me. He already knows them. What about me? Could you think of me as a friend? asks Cinna. Of all the people Ive met since I left home, Cinna is by far my favorite. I liked him right off and he hasnt disappointed me yet. I think so, but Ill be sitting on the main platform with the other stylists. Youll be able to look right at me. When youre asked a question, find me, and answer it as honestly as possible, says Cinna. Even if what I think is horrible? I ask. Because it might be, really. Especially if what you think is horrible, says Cinna. Youll try it? I nod. Its a plan. Or at least a straw to grasp at.

Too soon its time to go. The interviews take place on a stage constructed in front of the

Training Center. Once I leave my room, it will be only minutes until Im in front of the crowd, the cameras, all of Panem. As Cinna turns the doorknob, I stop his hand. Cinna . . . Im completely ove