Cinna. So, Katniss, about your costume for the opening ceremonies. My partner, Portia, is the stylist for your fellow tribute, Peeta. And our current thought is to dress you in complementary costumes, says Cinna. As you know, its customary to reflect the flavor of the district. For the opening ceremonies, youre supposed to wear something that suggests your districts principal industry. District 11, agriculture. District 4, fishing. District 3, factories. This means that coming from District 12, Peeta and I will be in some kind of coal miners getup.Since the baggy miners jumpsuits are not particularly becoming, our tributes usually end up in skimpy outfits and hats with headlamps. One year, our tributes were stark naked and covered in black powder to represent coal dust. Its always dreadful and does nothing to win favor with the crowd. I prepare myself for the worst. So, Ill be in a coal miner outfit? I ask, hoping it wont be indecent. Not exactly. You see, Portia and I think that coal miner things very overdone. No one will remember you in that. And we both see it as our job to make the District Twelve tributes unforgettable, says Cinna. Ill be naked for sure, I think. So rather than focus on the coal mining itself, were going to focus on the coal, says Cinna. Naked and covered in black dust, I think. And what do we do with coal? We burn it, says Cinna. Youre not afraid of fire, are you, Katniss? He sees my expression and grins. A few hours later, I am dressed in what will either be the most sensational or the deadliest costume in the opening ceremonies. Im in a simple black unitard that covers me from ankle to neck. Shiny leather boots lace up to my knees. But its the fluttering cape made of streams of orange, yellow,


and red and the matching headpiece that define this costume. Cinna plans to light them on fire just before our chariot rolls into the streets. Its not real flame, of course, just a little synthetic fire Portia and I came up with. Youll be perfectly safe, he says. But Im not convinced I wont be perfectly barbecued by the time we reach the citys center. My face is relatively clear of makeup, just a bit of highlighting here and there. My hair has been brushed out and then braided down my back in my usual style. I want the audience to recognize you when youre in the arena, says Cinna dreamily. Katniss, the girl who was on fire. It crosses my mind that Cinnas calm and normal demeanor masks a complete madman. Despite this mornings revelation about Peetas character, Im actually relieved when he shows up, dressed in an identical costume. He should know about fire, being a bakers son and all. His stylist, Portia, and her team accompany him in, and everyone is absolutely giddy with excitement over what a splash well make. Except Cinna. He just seems a bit weary as he accepts congratulations. Were whisked down to the bottom level of the Remake Center, which is essentially a gigantic stable. The opening ceremonies are about to start. Pairs of tributes are being loaded into chariots pulled by teams of four horses.Ours are coal black. The animals are so well trained, no one even needs to guide their reins. Cinna and Portia direct us into the chariot and carefully arrange our body positions, the drape of our capes, before moving off to consult with each other. What do you think? I whisper to Peeta. About the fire? Ill rip off your cape if youll rip off mine, he says through gritted teeth. Deal, I say. Maybe, if we can get them off soon enough, well avoid the worst burns. Its bad though. Theyll throw us into the arena no matter what condition were in. I know we promised Haymitch wed do exactly what they said, but I dont think he considered this angle. Where is Haymitch, anyway? Isnt he supposed to protect us from this sort of thing? says Peeta. With all that alcohol in him, its probably not advisable to have him around an open flame, I say. And suddenly were both laughing. I guess were both so nervous about the Games and more pressingly, petrified of being turned into human torches, were not acting sensibly. The opening music begins. Its easy to hear, blasted around the Capitol. Massive doors slide open revealing the crowd-lined streets. The ride lasts about twenty minutes and ends up at the City Circle, where they will welcome us, play the anthem, and escort us into the Training Center, which will be our home/prison until

the Games begin. The tributes from District 1 ride out in a chariot pulled by snow-white horses. They look so beautiful, spray-painted silver, in tasteful tunics glittering with jewels. District 1 makes luxury items for the Capitol. You can hear the roar of the crowd. They are always favorites. District 2 gets into position to follow them. In

no time at all, we are approaching the door and I can see that between the overcast sky and evening hour the light is turning gray. The tributes from District 11 are just rolling out when Cinna appears with a lighted torch. Here we go then, he says, and before we can react he sets our capes on fire. I gasp, waiting for the heat, but there is only a faint tickling sensation. Cinna climbs up before us and ignites our headdresses. He lets out a sign of relief. It works. Then he gently tucks a hand under my chin. Remember, heads high. Smiles. Theyre going to love you! Cinna jumps off the chariot and has one last idea. He shouts something up at us, but the music drowns him out. He shouts again and gestures. Whats he saying? I ask Peeta. For the first time, I look at him and realize that ablaze with the fake flames, he is dazzling. And I must be, too. I think he said for us to hold hands, says Peeta. He grabs my right hand in his left, and we look to Cinna for confirmation. He nods and gives a thumbs-up, and thats the last thing I see before we enter the city. The crowds initial alarm at our appearance quickly changes to cheers and shouts of District Twelve! Every head is turned our way, pulling the focus from the three chariots ahead of us. At first, Im frozen, but then I catch sight of us on a large television screen and am floored by how breathtaking we look. In the deepening twilight, the firelight illuminates our faces. We seem to be leaving a trail of fire off the flowing capes. Cinna was right about the minimal makeup, we both look more attractive but utterly recognizable. Remember, heads high. Smiles. Theyre going to love you! I hear Cinnas voice in my head. I lift my chin a bit higher, put on my most winning smile, and wave with my free hand. Im glad now I have Peeta to clutch for balance, he is so steady, solid as a rock. As I gain confidence, I actually blow a few kisses to the crowd. The people of the Capitol are going nuts, showering us with flowers, shouting our names, our first names, which they have bothered to find on the program. The pounding music, the cheers, the admiration work their way into my blood, and I cant suppress my excitement. Cinna has given me a great advantage. No one will forget me. Not my look, not my name.

Katniss. The girl who was on fire. For the first time, I feel a flicker of hope rising up in me. Surely, there must be one sponsor willing to take me on! And with a little extra help, some food, the right weapon, why should I count myself out of the Games? Someone throws me a red rose. I catch it, give it a delicate sniff, and blow a kiss back in the general direction of the giver. A hundred hands reach up to catch my kiss, as if it were a real and tangible thing. Katniss! Katniss! I can hear my name being called from all sides. Everyone wants my kisses. Its not until we enter the City Circle that I realize I must have completely stopped the circulation in Peetas hand. Thats how tightly Ive been holding it. I look

down at our linked fingers as I loosen my grasp, but he regains his grip on me. No, dont let go of me, he says. The firelight flickers off his blue eyes. Please. I might fall out of this thing. Okay, I say. So I keep holding on, but I cant help feeling strange about the way Cinna has linked us together. Its not really fair to present us as a team and then lock us into the arena to kill each other. The twelve chariots fill the loop of the City Circle. On the buildings that surround the Circle, every window is packed with the most prestigious citizens of the Capitol. Our horses pull our chariot right up to President Snows mansion, and we come to a halt. The music ends with a flourish. The president, a small, thin man with paper-white hair, gives the official welcome from a balcony above us. It is traditional to cut away to the faces of the tributes during the speech. But I can see on the screen that we are getting way more than our share of airtime. The darker it becomes, the more difficult it is to take your eyes off our flickering. When the national anthem plays, they do make an effort to do a quick cut around to each pair of tributes, but the camera holds on the District 12 chariot as it parades around the circle one final time and disappears into the Training Center. The doors have only just shut behind us when were engulfed by the prep teams, who are nearly unintelligible as they babble out praise. As I glance around, I notice a lot of the other tributes are shooting us dirty looks, which confirms what Ive suspected, weve literally outshone them all. Then Cinna and Portia are there, helping us down from the chariot, carefully removing our flaming capes and headdresses. Portia extinguishes them with some kind of spray from a canister. I realize Im still glued to Peeta and force my stiff fingers to open. We both massage our hands. Thanks

for keeping hold of me. I was getting a little shaky there, says Peeta. It didnt show, I tell him. Im sure no one noticed. Im sure they didnt notice anything but you. You should wear flames more often, he says. They suit you. And then he gives me a smile that seems so genuinely sweet with just the right touch of shyness that unexpected warmth rushes through me. A warning