, the volunteering is complicated. But in District 12, where the word tribute is pretty much synonymous with the word corpse, volunteers are all but extinct. Lovely! says Effie Trinket. But I believe theres a small matter of introducing the reaping winner and then asking for volunteers, and if one does come forth then we, um . . . She trails off, unsure herself. What does it matter? says the mayor. Hes looking at me with a pained expression on his face. He doesnt know me really, but theres a faint recognition there. I am the girl who brings the strawberries. The girl his daughter might have spoken of on occasion. The girl who five years ago stood huddled with her mother and

sister, as he presented her, the oldest child, with a medal of valor. A medal for her father, vaporized in the mines. Does he remember that? What does it matter? he repeats gruffly. Let her come forward. Prim is screaming hysterically behind me. Shes wrapped her skinny arms around me like a vice. No, Katniss! No! You cant go! Prim, let go, I say harshly, because this is upsetting me and I dont want to cry. When they televise the replay of the reapings tonight, everyone will make note of my tears, and Ill be marked as an easy target. A weakling. I will give no one that satisfaction. Let go! I can feel someone pulling her from my back. I turn and see Gale has lifted Prim off the ground and shes thrashing in his arms. Up you go, Catnip, he says, in a voice hes fighting to keep steady, and then he carries Prim off toward my mother. I steel myself and climb the steps. Well, bravo! gushes Effie Trinket. Thats the spirit of the Games! Shes pleased to finally have a district with a little action going on in it. Whats your name? I swallow hard. Katniss Everdeen, I say. I bet my buttons that was your sister. Dont want her to steal all the glory, do we? Come on, everybody! Lets give a big round of applause to our newest tribute! trills Effie Trinket. To the everlasting credit of the people of District 12, not one person claps. Not even the ones holding betting slips, the ones who are usually beyond caring. Possibly because they know me from the Hob, or knew my father, or have encountered Prim, who no

one can help loving. So instead of acknowledging applause, I stand there unmoving while they take part in the boldest form of dissent they can manage. Silence. Which says we do not agree. We do not condone. All of this is wrong. Then something unexpected happens. At least, I dont expect it because I dont think of District 12 as a place that cares about me. But a shift has occurred since I stepped up to take Prims place, and now it seems I have become someone precious. At first one, then another, then almost every member of the crowd touches the three middle fingers of their left hand to their lips and holds it out to me. It is an old and rarely used gesture of our district, occasionally seen at funerals. It means thanks, it means admiration, it means good-bye to someone you love. Now I am truly in danger of crying, but fortunately Haymitch chooses this time to come staggering across the stage to congratulate me. Look at her. Look at this one! he hollers, throwing an arm around my shoulders. Hes surprisingly strong for such a wreck. I like her! His breath reeks of liquor and its been a long time since hes bathed. Lots of . . . He cant think of the word for a while. Spunk! he says triumphantly. More than you! he releases me and starts for the front of the stage. More than you! he shouts, pointing directly into a

camera. Is he addressing the audience or is he so drunk he might actually be taunting the Capitol? Ill never know because just as hes opening his mouth

to continue, Haymitch plummets off the stage and knocks himself unconscious. Hes disgusting, but Im grateful. With every camera gleefully trained on him, I have just enough time to release the small, choked sound in my throat and compose myself. I put my hands behind my back and stare into the distance. I can see the hills I climbed this morning with Gale. For a moment, I yearn for something . . . The idea of us leaving the district . . . Making our way in the woods . . . But I know I was right about not running off. Because who else would have volunteered for Prim? Haymitch is whisked away on a stretcher, and Effie Trinket is trying to get the ball rolling again. What an exciting day! she warbles as she attempts to straighten her wig, which has listed severely to the right. But more excitement to come! Its time to choose our boy tribute! Clearly hoping to contain her tenuous hair situation, she plants one hand on her head as she crosses to the ball that contains the boys names and grabs the first slip she encounters. She zips back to the podium, and I dont even have time to wish

for Gales safety when shes reading the name. Peeta Mellark. Peeta Mellark! Oh, no, I think. Not him. Because I recognize this name, although I have never spoken directly to its owner. Peeta Mellark. No, the odds are n