not in my favor today. I watch him as he makes his way toward the stage. Medium height, stocky build, ashy blond hair that falls in waves over his forehead. The shock of the moment is registering on his face, you can see his struggle to remain emotionless, but his blue eyes show the alarm Ive seen so often in prey. Yet he climbs steadily onto the stage and takes his place. Effie Trinket asks for volunteers, but no one steps forward. He has two older brothers, I know, Ive seen them in the bakery, but one is probably too old now to volunteer and the other wont. This is standard. Family devotion only goes so far for most people on reaping day. What I did was the radical thing. The mayor begins to read the long, dull Treaty of Treason as he does every year at this point its required but Im not listening to a word. Why him? I think. Then I try to convince myself it doesnt matter. Peeta Mellark and I are not friends. Not even neighbors. We dont speak. Our only real interaction happened years ago. Hes probably forgotten it. But I havent and I know I never will. . . . It was during the worst time. My father had been

killed in the mine accident three months earlier in the bitterest January anyone could remember. The numbness of his loss had passed, and the pain would hit me out of nowhere, doubling me over, racking my body with sobs. Where are you? I would cry out in my mind. Where have you gone? Of course, there was never any answer. The district had given us a small amount of money as compensation for his death, enough to cover one month of grieving at which time my mother would be expected to get a job. Only she didnt. She didnt do anything but sit propped up in a

chair or, more often, huddled under the blankets on her bed, eyes fixed on some point in the distance. Once in a while, shed stir, get up as if moved by some urgent purpose, only to then collapse back into stillness. No amount of pleading from Prim seemed to affect her. I was terrified. I suppose now that my mother was locked in some dark world of sadness, but at the time, all I knew was that I had lost not only a father, but a mother as well. At eleven years old, with Prim just seven, I took over as head of the family. There was no choice. I bought our food at the market and cooked it as best I could and tried to keep Prim and myself looking presentable.

Because if it had become known that my mother could no longer care for us, the district would have taken us away from her and placed us in the community home. Id grown up seeing those home kids at school. The sadness, the marks of angry hands on their faces, the hopelessness that curled their shoulders forward. I could never let that happen to Prim. Sweet, tiny Prim who cried when I cried before she even knew the reason, who brushed and plaited my mothers hair before we left for school, who still polished my fathers shaving mirror each night because hed hated the layer of coal dust that settled on everything in the Seam. The community home would crush her like a bug. So I kept our predicament a secret. But the money ran out and we were slowly starving to death. Theres no other way to put it. I kept telling myself if I could only hold out until May, just May 8th, I would turn twelve and be able to sign up for the tesserae and get that precious grain and oil to feed us. Only there were still several weeks to go. We could well be dead by then. Starvations not an uncommon fate in District 12. Who hasnt seen the victims? Older people who cant work. Children from a family with too many to feed. Those injured in the mines. Straggling through the streets. And one day, you come upon them sitting motionless against a wall or

lying in the Meadow, you hear the wails from a house, and the Peacekeepers are called in to retrieve the body. Starvation is never the cause of death officially. Its always the flu, or exposure, or pneumonia. But that fools no one. On the afternoon of my encounter with Peeta Mellark, the rain was falling in relentless icy sheets. I had been in town, trying to trade some threadbare old baby clothes of Prims in the public market, but there were no takers. Although I had been to the Hob on several occasions with my father, I was too frightened to venture into that rough, gritty place alone. The rain had soaked through my fathers hunting jacket, leaving me chilled to the bone. For three days, wed had nothing but boiled water with some old dried mint leaves Id found in the back of a cupboard. By the time the market closed, I was shaking so hard I dropped my bundle of baby clothes in a mud puddle. I didnt pick it up for fear I would keel over and be unable to regain my feet. Besides, no one

wanted those clothes. I couldnt go home. Because at home was my mother with her dead eyes and my little sister, with her hollow cheeks and cracked lips. I couldnt walk into that room with the smoky fire from the damp branches I had scavenged at

the edge of the woods after the coal had run out, my bands emp