 the centers were shut down and the birds were abandoned to die off in the wild. Only they didnt die off. Instead, the jabber jays mated with female mockingbirds creating a whole new species that could replicate both bird whistles and human melodies. They had lost the ability to enunciate words but could still mimic a range of human vocal sounds, from a childs high-pitched warble to a mans deep tones. And they could re-create songs. Not just a few notes, but whole songs

with multiple verses, if you had the patience to sing them and if they liked your voice. My father was particularly fond of mockingjays. When we went hunting, he would whistle or sing complicated songs to them and, after a polite

pause, theyd always sing back. Not everyone is treated with such respect. But whenever my father sang, all the birds in the area would fall silent and listen. His voice was that beautiful, high and clear and so filled with life it made you want to laugh and cry at the same time. I could never bring myself to continue the practice after he was gone. Still, theres something comforting about the little bird. Its like having a piece of my father with me, protecting me. I fasten the pin onto my shirt, and with the dark green fabric as a background, I can almost imagine the mockingjay flying through the trees. Effie Trinket comes to collect me for supper. I follow her through the narrow, rocking corridor into a dining room with polished paneled walls. Theres a table where all the dishes are highly breakable. Peeta Mellark sits waiting for us, the chair next to him empty. Wheres Haymitch? asks Effie Trinket brightly. Last time I saw him, he said he was going to take a nap, says Peeta. Well, its been an

exhausting day, says Effie Trinket. I think shes relieved by Haymitchs absence, and who can blame her? The supper comes in courses. A thick carrot soup, green salad, lamb chops and mashed potatoes, cheese and fruit, a chocolate cake. Throughout the meal, Effie Trinket keeps reminding us to save space because theres more to come. But Im stuffing myself because Ive never had food like this, so good and so much, and because probably the best thing I can do between now and the Games is put on a few pounds. At least, you two have decent manners, says Effie as were finishing the main course. The pair last year ate everything with their hands like a couple of savages. It completely upset my digestion. The pair last year were two kids from the Seam whod never, not one day of their lives, had enough to eat. And when they did have food, table manners were surely the last thing on their minds. Peetas a bakers son. My mother taught Prim and I to eat properly, so yes, I can handle a fork and knife. But I hate Effie Trinkets comment so much I make a point of eating the rest of my meal with my fingers. Then I wipe my hands on the tablecloth. This makes her purse her lips tightly together. Now that the meals over, Im fighting to keep the food down. I can see Peetas looking a little green, too. Neither of our

stomachs is used to such rich fare. But if I can hold down Greasy Saes concoction of mice meat, pig entrails, and tree bark a winter specialty Im determined to hang on to this. We go to another compartment to watch the recap of the reapings across Panem. They try to stagger them throughout the day so a person could conceivably watch the whole thing live, but only people in the Capitol could really do that, since none of them have to attend reapings themselves. One by one, we see the other reapings, the names called, (the volunteers stepping forward or, more often, not. We examine the faces of the kids who will be our competition. A few stand out in my mind. A

monstrous boy who lunges forward to volunteer from District 2. A fox-faced girl with sleek red hair from District 5. A boy with a crippled foot from District 10. And most hauntingly, a twelve-year-old girl from District 11. She has dark brown skin and eyes, but other than that, shes very like Prim in size and demeanor. Only when she mounts the stage and they ask for volunteers, all you can hear is the wind whistling through the decrepit buildings around her. Theres no one willing to take her place. Last of all, they show District 12. Prim being called, me running forward to

volunteer. You cant miss the desperation in my voice as I shove Prim behind me, as if Im afraid no one will hear and theyll take Prim away. But, of course, they do hear. I see Gale pulling her off me and watch myself mount the stage. The commentators are not sure what to say about the crowds refusal to applaud. The silent salute. One says that District 12 has always been a bit backward but that local customs can be charming. As if on cue, Haymitch falls off the stage, and they groan comically. Peetas name is drawn, and he quietly takes his place. We shake hands. They cut to the anthem again, and the pro-gram ends. Effie Trinket is disgruntled about the state her wig was in. Your mentor has a lot to learn ab